What is HTTP?
It stands for hypertext transfer protocol. It is a set of rules for browsers to communicate with web servers.

What is a URL?
URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator, which is usually refered to as a web address. It is a means of 
connecting to different IP addresses and getting information them.

What is DNS?
DNS stands for domain name server which is used to translate hostnames to ip addresses.

What is a query string?
A query string is the part after a url that starts with "?" and allows you to add parameters that can
be used by web servers. 
Example:
"test.com?day=monday&language=english" 
This URL gives the web browser dynamic day and language variables which was assigned to monday and english, respectively. 

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET request is general request to a web server without affecting the web server.
POST request is used for modifying server information.

What is an HTTP request?
An HTTP request is the user's submission to a web server asking for a resource. 

What is an HTTP response?
An HTTP response is what a web server gives back in response to a user's request.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
An HTTP header is a piece of information attached to a request/response.
Example:
method: GET
content-language: en
accept-language: en-US,en;q=0.9

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
The browser puts itself to http restraints. It will look at somesite.com and check if there exists or corresponding
IP address in the computer cache. If not, it will check the following in sequential order: router, ISP, DNS. After finding
the IP address, the browser will attempt to connect using the default http port if not specified. The browser will ask
 the IP address if there is a file named page.html in the some directory.

Using curl, make a GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes involving the word “pirate”
 curl -H "Accept: text/plain" https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate

Use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com
172.17.192.1

Make a simple web page and serve it using python3 -m http.server. Visit the page in a browser.
python3 -m http.server >> localhost:8000

Build a very simple HTML form that uses the GET method (it can use the same page URL for the action) when the form is submitted.
Add a field or two to the form and, after submitting it, explore in Chrome Developer tools how you can view the request and response headers.
Edit the page to change the form type to POST, refresh in the browser and re-submit. Do you still see the field in the query string? Explore in Chrome 
how you can view the request and response headers, as well as the form data.
The input appears in the payload section of chrome dev tools.